pPROFESS fcc0/Al > fcc0/log
pPROFESS fcc1/Al > fcc1/log
pPROFESS fcc2/Al > fcc2/log
pPROFESS fcc3/Al > fcc3/log
pPROFESS fcc4/Al > fcc4/log
pPROFESS fcc5/Al > fcc5/log
pPROFESS fcc6/Al > fcc6/log
pPROFESS fcc7/Al > fcc7/log
pPROFESS fcc8/Al > fcc8/log
pPROFESS fcc9/Al > fcc9/log
pPROFESS fcc10/Al > fcc10/log
pPROFESS bcc0/Al > bcc0/log
pPROFESS bcc1/Al > bcc1/log
pPROFESS bcc2/Al > bcc2/log
pPROFESS bcc3/Al > bcc3/log
pPROFESS bcc4/Al > bcc4/log
pPROFESS bcc5/Al > bcc5/log
pPROFESS bcc6/Al > bcc6/log
pPROFESS bcc7/Al > bcc7/log
pPROFESS bcc8/Al > bcc8/log
pPROFESS bcc9/Al > bcc9/log
pPROFESS bcc10/Al > bcc10/log
pPROFESS hcp0/Al > hcp0/log
pPROFESS hcp1/Al > hcp1/log
pPROFESS hcp2/Al > hcp2/log
pPROFESS hcp3/Al > hcp3/log
pPROFESS hcp4/Al > hcp4/log
pPROFESS hcp5/Al > hcp5/log
pPROFESS hcp6/Al > hcp6/log
pPROFESS hcp7/Al > hcp7/log
pPROFESS hcp8/Al > hcp8/log
pPROFESS hcp9/Al > hcp9/log
pPROFESS hcp10/Al > hcp10/log
pPROFESS sc0/Al > sc0/log
pPROFESS sc1/Al > sc1/log
pPROFESS sc2/Al > sc2/log
pPROFESS sc3/Al > sc3/log
pPROFESS sc4/Al > sc4/log
pPROFESS sc5/Al > sc5/log
pPROFESS sc6/Al > sc6/log
pPROFESS sc7/Al > sc7/log
pPROFESS sc8/Al > sc8/log
pPROFESS sc9/Al > sc9/log
pPROFESS sc10/Al > sc10/log
