pPROFESS hcp0/Mg > hcp0/log
pPROFESS hcp1/Mg > hcp1/log
pPROFESS hcp2/Mg > hcp2/log
pPROFESS hcp3/Mg > hcp3/log
pPROFESS hcp4/Mg > hcp4/log
pPROFESS hcp5/Mg > hcp5/log
pPROFESS hcp6/Mg > hcp6/log
pPROFESS hcp7/Mg > hcp7/log
pPROFESS hcp8/Mg > hcp8/log
pPROFESS hcp9/Mg > hcp9/log
pPROFESS hcp10/Mg > hcp10/log
pPROFESS fcc0/Mg > fcc0/log
pPROFESS fcc1/Mg > fcc1/log
pPROFESS fcc2/Mg > fcc2/log
pPROFESS fcc3/Mg > fcc3/log
pPROFESS fcc4/Mg > fcc4/log
pPROFESS fcc5/Mg > fcc5/log
pPROFESS fcc6/Mg > fcc6/log
pPROFESS fcc7/Mg > fcc7/log
pPROFESS fcc8/Mg > fcc8/log
pPROFESS fcc9/Mg > fcc9/log
pPROFESS fcc10/Mg > fcc10/log
pPROFESS bcc0/Mg > bcc0/log
pPROFESS bcc1/Mg > bcc1/log
pPROFESS bcc2/Mg > bcc2/log
pPROFESS bcc3/Mg > bcc3/log
pPROFESS bcc4/Mg > bcc4/log
pPROFESS bcc5/Mg > bcc5/log
pPROFESS bcc6/Mg > bcc6/log
pPROFESS bcc7/Mg > bcc7/log
pPROFESS bcc8/Mg > bcc8/log
pPROFESS bcc9/Mg > bcc9/log
pPROFESS bcc10/Mg > bcc10/log
pPROFESS sc0/Mg > sc0/log
pPROFESS sc1/Mg > sc1/log
pPROFESS sc2/Mg > sc2/log
pPROFESS sc3/Mg > sc3/log
pPROFESS sc4/Mg > sc4/log
pPROFESS sc5/Mg > sc5/log
pPROFESS sc6/Mg > sc6/log
pPROFESS sc7/Mg > sc7/log
pPROFESS sc8/Mg > sc8/log
pPROFESS sc9/Mg > sc9/log
pPROFESS sc10/Mg > sc10/log
